Widgets 2.0 (#4028)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/graphing/_index.md

**Note**: Formulas are not lettered. Arithmetic cannot be done between formulas.

## Create a title

> If you don't enter a title, one is automatically generated based on your selections. But it may be more useful to the users of the [dashboard][8] to create a title that more aptly describes the purpose of the graph. Linking the technical purpose to the business benefits adds even more value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't enter a title, one is automatically generated based on your selections. However, it is recommended that you create a title that aptly describes the purpose of the graph. 
```
"adding value" sounds kind of marketing. it should be evident to the user that they should title stuff well.
